=== Upload file for a response to a FormInputResponse
==== Success case
===== Request
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpload/http-request.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpload/request-headers.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpload/request-parameters.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpload/request-fields.adoc[]

===== Response
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpload/http-response.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpload/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Curl Example
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpload/curl-request.adoc[]


==== Failure cases
===== Internal Error
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpload_internalServerError/http-response.adoc[]


===== Content-Length header missing
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpload_missingContentLength/http-response.adoc[]


===== Payload too large
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpload_payloadTooLarge/http-response.adoc[]


===== Content-Type header missing
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpload_missingContentType/http-response.adoc[]


===== Unsupported Content-Type
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpload_unsupportedContentType/http-response.adoc[]


===== Form Input not found
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpload_formInputNotFound/http-response.adoc[]


===== Application not found
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpload_applicationNotFound/http-response.adoc[]


===== Process Role not found
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpload_processRoleNotFound/http-response.adoc[]


===== Content Length incorrectly reported in Content-Length header
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpload_incorrectlyReportedContentLength/http-response.adoc[]


===== Content Type incorrectly reported in Content-Type header
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpload_incorrectlyReportedContentType/http-response.adoc[]


===== Duplicate file encountered (file already exists)
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpload_duplicateFile/http-response.adoc[]



=== Update file for existing response to a FormInputResponse
==== Success case
===== Request
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpdate/http-request.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpdate/request-headers.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpdate/request-parameters.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpdate/request-fields.adoc[]

===== Response
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpdate/http-response.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpdate/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Curl Example
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpdate/curl-request.adoc[]


==== Failure cases
===== Internal Error
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpdate_internalServerError/http-response.adoc[]


===== Content-Length header missing
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpdate_missingContentLength/http-response.adoc[]


===== Payload too large
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpdate_payloadTooLarge/http-response.adoc[]


===== Content-Type header missing
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpdate_missingContentType/http-response.adoc[]


===== Unsupported Content-Type
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpdate_unsupportedContentType/http-response.adoc[]


===== Form Input not found
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpdate_formInputNotFound/http-response.adoc[]


===== Application not found
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpdate_applicationNotFound/http-response.adoc[]


===== Process Role not found
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpdate_processRoleNotFound/http-response.adoc[]


===== Content Length incorrectly reported in Content-Length header
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpdate_incorrectlyReportedContentLength/http-response.adoc[]


===== Content Type incorrectly reported in Content-Type header
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpdate_incorrectlyReportedContentType/http-response.adoc[]


===== File not found (no file to update)
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileUpdate_noFileFoundToUpdate/http-response.adoc[]



=== Download a file from a FormInputResponse
==== Success case
===== Request
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileDownload/http-request.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileDownload/request-headers.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileDownload/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileDownload/http-response.adoc[]

===== Curl Example
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileDownload/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Failure cases
===== Internal error
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileDownload_internalServerError/http-response.adoc[]


===== File not found
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileDownload_fileNotFound/http-response.adoc[]


===== Form Input not found
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileDownload_formInputNotFound/http-response.adoc[]


===== Application not found
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileDownload_applicationNotFound/http-response.adoc[]


===== Process Role not found
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileDownload_processRoleNotFound/http-response.adoc[]


===== Form Input Response not found
include::{snippets}/forminputresponse/file_fileDownload_formInputResponseNotFound/http-response.adoc[]
